SSL doc and stubs support (#558)
getsentry/onpremise: README.md

## Securing Sentry with SSL/TLS

If you'd like to protect your Sentry install with SSL/TLS and enforce https simply apply the changes found below

* Generate a ssl crt and key for example you can use letsencrypt (see [Letsencrypt Guide](https://www.linode.com/docs/security/ssl/install-lets-encrypt-to-create-ssl-certificates/))
Once generated simply replace the contents of the `cert.crt` and `cert.key` in the ssl folder found inside the nginx folder

* Uncomment the lines in `docker-compose.yml` from NGINX_SSL_START to NGINX_SSL_END
* Set `SENTRY_USE_SSL=True` in the `.env` to apply the sentry.config.py ssl settings

> * Uncomment the lines in `nginx\nginx.conf` from NGINX_SSL_START to NGINX_SSL_END, and comment out the lines from NGINX_NON_SSL_START to NGINX_NON_SSL_END

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Uncomment the lines in `nginx/nginx.conf` from NGINX_SSL_START to NGINX_SSL_END, and comment out the lines from NGINX_NON_SSL_START to NGINX_NON_SSL_END
```

Author: updated

> NOTE: if you noticed some things not using the appropriate URL i.e favicons in <HEAD> then your url-prefix is probably wrong, please double check this at sentry.DOMAIN.com/manage/settings/  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you notice things like not using the correct URLs in `<HEAD>` (such as favicons etc.), then your `system.url-prefix` setting is probably wrong. Please double check this at `https://your-sentry-domain.com/manage/settings/` or set it in your `config.yml` file.
```

Author: updated

> fantastic SSL/TLS proxies like [HAProxy](http://www.haproxy.org/)

Reviewer: Heh, we should definitely remove this line as it predates us adding Nginx to the mix.

Author: done

and [Nginx](http://nginx.org/). You'll likely want to add this service to your `docker-compose.yml` file.

OR do the following things to enable auto redirect to https behind a reverse proxy

Uncomment the following in `docker-compose.yml` nginx directive
```
 #expose:
 #  - '443'
 ports:
 #  - '443:443'

>    - '$SENTRY_ONPREMISE_PORT:80/tcp'

Reviewer: For this, we need #512 merged first, right?

Author: correct this is currently branched off of #512 and i've targeted back into 512 at this time for merging

```

> And uncomment the following in your sentry.config.py

Reviewer: I think instead of repeating the same config here in the README, we can mark the start and end of this section clearly with `SSL CONFIG START`, `SSL_CONFIG_END` and just say "Uncomment all the config inside the `SSL CONFIG` section.

Even better, we may wrap that section in an
```py
if env('SENTRY_USE_SSL'):
   ...
```

block, and just tell people to enable this in their `.env` file.

Author: i will confirm this as working and change in default sentry.conf, and update readme

Author: confirmed and updated

```
SECURE_PROXY_SSL_HEADER = ('HTTP_X_FORWARDED_PROTO', 'https')
SESSION_COOKIE_SECURE = True
CSRF_COOKIE_SECURE = True
SOCIAL_AUTH_REDIRECT_IS_HTTPS = True
SENTRY_USE_SSL = True
```

> And uncomment the following `#`s in your nginx config, and simply replace the contents of the `cert.crt` and `cert.key` in the ssl folder found inside the nginx folder

Reviewer: Same concern again, let's not repeat config in the readme, just use markers instead.

Author: resolved
